After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Project Title / One sentence description:

Project title: Canvas
Description: Canvas is a collaborative drawing tool that uses web sockets and Ajax.

2. Copy and paste the URL for your web application (if applicable):

https://fierce-lake-93517.herokuapp.com/
(note - this is different from last week. I basically started over)

3. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):

(I also created a chat room app that runs locally as a proof of concept for this app)

Canvas app:
https://github.com/nathan-tagg/milestone-2

chat room app: (only runs locally)
https://github.com/nathan-tagg/Chat-room.git
(in directory: $ npm install; node index.js)
(try opening localhost:3000 in several browsers to see proof of concept)

4. Describe the functionality that is currently working, along with any special instructions of how to use your web application:

The canvas itself is working (woohoo!) as well as the web-sockets (using socket.io). To show this, the server is sending the current server-side time and is updating an html tag with this info continuously.

5. Describe the features that are not yet working correctly.

The canvas is not yet collaborative. To try to figure this out I created a basic chat application using web sockets. It runs locally, but i haven't figured out why it won't work on heroku.
Once I figure out how to run it over heroku I will be able to implement the communication on the canvas.s

6. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:

E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements

7. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.

The project is well on it's way and it looks great. I put countless hours into researching this project and even learned how to use socket.io from nothing. (I even created a chat room application just to test things out)

8. Please list any questions you have for the instructor regarding this assignment or this week's topic.

Why won't heroku load my page
